Update basic/use-of-sort (#24)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/basic/use-of-sort.md

Using sort, we can reduce the time complexity required to solve the problem.

Consider a sequence of numbers and you need to check whether there are any equal elements.

A naive solution is to check each pair of elements and determine whether they are equal. The time complexity is $O(n^2)$ .

We might as well sort this sequence of numbers first, and then it is not difficult to find that: if there are two equal numbers, they must be in adjacent positions in the new sequence. At this point, you only need to scan the new sequence for $O(n)$ . The total time complexity is the sorting time complexity( $O(n\log n)$ ).

> Sorting is also the preprocessing work for [binary search](./binary.md). Using binary search after sorting, we can find the specified element in the sequence within the time of $O(\log n)$ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sorting is also the preprocessing work for [binary search](./binary.md). By making binary searches after sorting, we can find the specified element in the sequence within the time of $O(\log n)$ .
```
